docs: Update features docs (#15122)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/pointers-keyboard-and-other-user-inputs.md

#### Skia Limitations

1. There is no standard type for **WebLink** (nor **ApplicationLink**) on this platform.
   They are copied to the external app as raw **Text**, and converted back as **WebLink** or **ApplicationLink** from raw text from the external app
   when [`Uri.IsWellFormedUriString(text, UriKind.Absolute)`](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.uri.iswellformeduristring) returns true.
2. The image content seems to not being readable by common apps, only another Uno app is able to read it properly.

### Drag and Drop Data Format Considerations

WinUI has the following standard data formats that correspond with a URI/URL:

1. Uri, now deprecated in favor of:
2. WebLink and
3. ApplicationLink

Several platforms such as macOS, iOS, and Android do not differentiate between them and only use a single URI/URL class or string.

> When applying data to the native clipboard or drag/drop data from a DataPackage, only one URI/URL may be used. Therefore, all URI data formats are merged together into a single URI using the above defined priority. WebLink is considered more specific than ApplicationLink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When applying data to the native clipboard or dragging/dropping data from a DataPackage, only one URI/URL may be used. Therefore, all URI data formats are merged together into a single URI using the above-defined priority. WebLink is considered more specific than ApplicationLink.
```

1. If you have 2 nested drop targets (i.e. element flagged with `AllowDrop = true`),
   when the pointer leaves the deepest / top most element but not the parent,
   the parent element will also raise `DragLeave` and immediately after raise `DragEnter`.

> 1. On WinUI, the default UI will include a tooltip which indicates the accepted drop action,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On WinUI, the default UI will include a tooltip that indicates the accepted drop action,
```
